io/vov/vitamio/EGL.java
 io.vov.vitamio.EGL
 io.vov.vitamio.EGL$1
 io.vov.vitamio.EGL$ComponentSizeChooser
 io.vov.vitamio.EGL$EGLConfigChooser
 io.vov.vitamio.EGL$EGLContextFactory
 io.vov.vitamio.EGL$EGLWindowSurfaceFactory
 io.vov.vitamio.EGL$SimpleEGLConfigChooser
io/vov/vitamio/widget/MediaController.java
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.MediaController
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.MediaController$1
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.MediaController$2
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.MediaController$3
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.MediaController$MediaPlayerControl
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.MediaController$OnHiddenListener
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.MediaController$OnShownListener
io/vov/vitamio/MediaFile.java
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaFile
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaFile$MediaFileType
io/vov/vitamio/MediaFormat.java
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaFormat
io/vov/vitamio/Vitamio.java
 io.vov.vitamio.Vitamio
io/vov/vitamio/provider/MediaStore.java
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$Audio
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$Audio$AudioColumns
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$Audio$Media
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$InternalThumbnails
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$MediaColumns
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$Video
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$Video$Media
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$Video$Thumbnails
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MediaStore$Video$VideoColumns
io/vov/vitamio/MediaScannerClient.java
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaScannerClient
io/vov/vitamio/activity/myActivity.java
 io.vov.vitamio.activity.myActivity
io/vov/vitamio/MediaScanner.java
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaScanner
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaScanner$1
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaScanner$FileCacheEntry
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaScanner$MyMediaScannerClient
io/vov/vitamio/activity/InitActivity.java
 io.vov.vitamio.activity.InitActivity
 io.vov.vitamio.activity.InitActivity$1
 io.vov.vitamio.activity.InitActivity$UIHandler
io/vov/vitamio/VitamioLicense.java
 io.vov.vitamio.VitamioLicense
io/vov/vitamio/utils/Device.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.Device
io/vov/vitamio/BuildConfig.java
 io.vov.vitamio.BuildConfig
io/vov/vitamio/VIntent.java
 io.vov.vitamio.VIntent
io/vov/vitamio/utils/CPU.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.CPU
io/vov/vitamio/provider/MiniThumbFile.java
 io.vov.vitamio.provider.MiniThumbFile
io/vov/vitamio/widget/CenterLayout.java
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.CenterLayout
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.CenterLayout$LayoutParams
io/vov/vitamio/ThumbnailUtils.java
 io.vov.vitamio.ThumbnailUtils
io/vov/vitamio/utils/Base64.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.Base64
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.Base64$Coder
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.Base64$Decoder
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.Base64$Encoder
io/vov/vitamio/MediaPlayer.java
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$EventHandler
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnBufferingUpdateListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnCachingUpdateListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnCompletionListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnErrorListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnHWRenderFailedListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnInfoListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnPreparedListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnSeekCompleteListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnTimedTextListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$OnVideoSizeChangedListener
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaPlayer$TrackInfo
io/vov/vitamio/utils/ContextUtils.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.ContextUtils
io/vov/vitamio/widget/OutlineTextView.java
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.OutlineTextView
io/vov/vitamio/utils/StringUtils.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.StringUtils
io/vov/vitamio/widget/VideoView.java
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$1
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$2
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$3
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$4
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$5
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$5$1
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$6
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$7
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$8
 io.vov.vitamio.widget.VideoView$9
io/vov/vitamio/utils/ScreenResolution.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.ScreenResolution
io/vov/vitamio/utils/Crypto.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.Crypto
io/vov/vitamio/utils/FileUtils.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.FileUtils
io/vov/vitamio/Metadata.java
 io.vov.vitamio.Metadata
io/vov/vitamio/utils/Log.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.Log
io/vov/vitamio/MediaMetadataRetriever.java
 io.vov.vitamio.MediaMetadataRetriever
io/vov/vitamio/utils/IOUtils.java
 io.vov.vitamio.utils.IOUtils
